so this is on the seaplane and I built
it with a delta wing at first but that
didn't really work so I put this new
wing on it oh it's just like a slow
trainer wing the motor in the back it's
a 22 1206 and it's got a 2200 milliamp
3-cell battery and on the bottom it's
all taped up with the step so we'll just
Maydan it on grass first
so it's still really weird on the pitch
um the motors in the back so hone like
pulls the back up and it has a little
bit of down thrust but I also had to put
these like permanent thrust vectoring
little tabs there and that still doesn't
help too much because the plan is really
squirrely on the pitch so since the
motor is in the back and I like up high
it kind of pulls the front down and
pulls the back up so um what do you
think I can do to fix this problem it's
gonna float on the water okay
yeah